POST /books test lesson (#100)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-2: api-6-testing/post-books-test.md

## Run and Debug Test

When we run are test using `pytest` we will see a failure:

![POST /books test failure](../assets/post_test_failure.png)

Reading the test failure output indicates tat `response.get_json()` returns `None` whereas we expect it to return `"Book New Book successfully created"`.

To investigate this error we may start by looking at the [`get_json` documentation](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.0.x/api/?highlight=get_json#flask.Response.get_json) and will note this piece:

```
"If the mimetype does not indicate JSON (application/json, see is_json), this returns `None`."
```

Futher investigation might lead us to the [`get_data` method](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.0.x/api/?highlight=get_json#flask.Response.get_data) and we will find that if we use `response_body = response.get_data(as_text=True)` our test will pass.

Alternatively, we can `jsonify` the response body in our `POST` `/books` route:

```python
return make_response(jsonify(f"Book {new_book.title} successfully created"), 201)
```

Note that `POST` test passes with this change:

![POST /books test success](../assets/post_test_success.png)

> We will prefer this second solution because it adds consistency to our routes. We consistently return `JSON` in our response bodies, and thus can consistently use the method `get_json` in our tests. 

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- available callout types: info, success, warning, danger, secondary, star  -->
### !callout-info

## <code>jsonify</code>

We will prefer the `jsonify` solution because it adds consistency to our routes. We consistently return `JSON` in our response bodies, and thus can consistently use the method `get_json` in our tests. 

### !end-callout
```
